            Day 18 Assignment

Q.1 - Why do we need static keyword in Java? Explain with example.

Ans 1 - Generally static keyword in java is used to manage memory. Also using static keyword we can access methods and variables without creating object of the class.
    Lets Understand with example.
    
    class Demo {
        public static void main(String[] args) {
            // here I can directly access static variable schoolName but have to create object of School class for the variable studentName
            School.schoolName; 
            
            School obj = new School();
            obj.studentName;
        }
    }
    
    
    class School {
        String studentName;
        static String schoolName = "PW Skills";
    }
    
    
    
Q. 2 --> What is class loading and how does the java program actually loads.

Ans 2 --> Class is loaded by classLoader which is a part of Java Runtime Environment and loads class into java virtual machine in a dynamic way. All classes are not
            loaded at once but loaded on demand by the application.
            
   
Q.3 --> Can we mark a local variable as Static?
Ans 3 - No, A local variable cannot be a static variable.

Q.4 --> Why is the static block is executed before the main method in Java?
Ans - Because at the time of classLoading, the compiler stores all the static variables into the memory even before object creation.

Q.5 --> Why is a static method also called a class method?
Ans - Because a static method can be directly accessed by the class and no need to create its object. That is why it is also called class method.

Q.6 --> What is the use of static block in java.
Ans - Static block in java is used to initilize all the static variables and call all the static methods and store into the memory.

Q.7. --> What is the difference etween static and instance variable?
Ans - Static variable need not to make object of the class, they can be directly access with class nae only whereas instance variable needs the object.
        Static variables are created with the loading of the class by JRE but instance variable takes up memory only when their object is created.
        
Q.8 --> Difference between Static and non static member?
Ans - Static members are those variables or methods which do not need any object of the class to be accessed and they are created with the loading of class and
        destroyed after the program stops.
        Instance members are those which require to create object of the class to access them and they are loaded once the object is created.
        
    

       
       
