    Exception Handling Week 3 Assignment
    
Q.1- Explain different types of errors in Java.
Ans - There are three types of errors in Java.
  1. Syntax error - This error occures when there is some syntactical error in the code and this is known at the compile time only
      Code does not even compile when there is systax errror.
      
  2. Logical error - When we do not get the desired results as we expected, this is called Logical error. Usually occurs when there is some
        logical isssue in the code.
        
  3. Runtime Error - These kinds of errors are unexpected exceptions that are not caught by the compiler and they occur suddenly and need to be 
      handled seprately, for expample - deviding a number by zero, passing invalid value, trying to access out of index from an array etc.
      
      
Q.2 - What is Exception in Java?
Ans 2 - An Exception is understood by its name "Exception", Due to some error, the normal flow of the code is disrupted, example - when there is a line
      in code that devides a number by zero, it return infinite and its an exception so it will stop the execution of the code and crash the application.
      Exceptions are Runtime error and are considered dangerous.
      
  
Q.3 - How can you handle exception in Java? Give example.
Ans 2 - To handle exception in java, We can use try catch block
    Example - 
        
        suppose we have a critical statement of accessing out of bound value from an array, so we will put it in try block and if exception will occur
        it will throw the exception and will be caught by the catch block.
        
        int arr[] = {1,2,3};
        try {
          System.out.println(arr[4]) // this is a critical statement because index no. 4 does not exist in array arr.
        }
        catch(Exception error) {
          System.out.println("An Error occured" + error.message())
        }
        
Que 4 - Difference between Exceptions and Errors in Java.
Ans - Both are Subclass of Throwable class.
      Exceptions are both checked and unchecked (checked exceptions - those which are know to compiler and must be handled otherwise it will give compile
        time error. for ex - All exception except Runtime Exception are checked like - IOException, SQlException etc)
      Unchecked - They are not know to compiler and if you handle it that's good, otherwise if this excepiton occurs the application will crash.
      
      Errors - These are errors (called unchecked exceptions) which most of the time occurs due to the lack of resources when mistakenly coded
      by the developer ex - Stackoverflow, outOfMemory. (when programmer uses a infinite loop etc.
      

Q.5 - Can we use try witout finally of catch block??
Ans - No
